Add documentation for Custom timeframe on Monitors (#9140)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/monitor_types/real_user_monitoring.md

### Set alert conditions

* Trigger when the metric is `above`, `above or equal to`, `below`, or `below or equal to`

> * the threshold during the last `5 minutes`, `15 minutes`, `1 hour`, ... or `custom` to set a value between 5 minutes and 24h

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the threshold during the last `5 minutes`, `15 minutes`, `1 hour`, etc. or `custom` to set a value between 5 minutes and 24 hours.
```
